1.) Add networking support (for ping, telnet, etc.)
2.) Add IPv6 support?
3.) Add initial configuration questions and read file in at start.
4.) Add tutorial mode to teach users how to perform common tasks.
5.) Resume work on command implementation.
6.) Ask for username, hostname, IP address, netmask, and gateway on initial configuration.
7.) Store filesystem data in a file. Populate initially and allow recreation of a default later if the user messes it up.
8.) Create an executable jar.
9.) Make available as a web applet?
10.) Make network access configurable (true/false) for ping, telnet, etc.
11.) Initially root only and add support for other users later for su, etc.
12.) Virtual filesystem consists of directory vectors (change to ArrayList later if no networking support) of file objects.
13.) File objects contain information like mtime, ctime, atime, permissions, owner, group, type (binary, ASCII text, etc.), inode/id...
14.) Filesystems consist of vectors of directory vectors (ArrayLists if no networking support.)
15.) For the Java applet, make a separate thread to make the cursor blink (green font on black background.)
16.) Add support for pipes and redirection.
17.) Add GUI mode with progress bar.
18.) Menu with quit/exit and about bar.
19.) Add honeypot mode with logging (h4x0r would be stuck in sandboxed jvm) for security research (requires networking support.)
20.) Ask Aaron to make an icon and logo with backdrop and Tux(tm).
21.) Add colored output using terminal control codes in text mode?
22.) Convert series of if/else statements in Command.java to HashMap or find a more efficient way to look up commands.
23.) Add "date" command using Java Date class to return output.
24.) Add configurable /etc/hostname.
25.) Add configurable /etc/timezone.
26.) Add X Windows JFrame background with Toolkit createCustomCursor() method using the 'X' mouse cursor and also displaying an xterm with shell prompt in a JPanel.
27.) Add GUI apps that launch as a thread within X Window mode like xcalc.
28.) Add backup option (to restore system settings and filesystem state later.)
29.) Read and write group/user/directory/command.dat files in binary.
30.) Add localization support.
31.) Pack .dat files into executable jar.
32.) Create Process class for adding/removing processes and storing process status.
33.) Prevent PID collisions.
34.) Implement multi-threaded network listener/thread per socket approach.
35.) Add telnet server initially (SSH (Apache MINA?), web, etc.) later
